# Weekly-Coding-Lessons Overview (last edited August, 2022)

## Curriculum and responsibilities

- You’ll be given a curriculum and be expected to study regularly, and push to github every time you study

- You will have access to a slack community with a lot of helpful hand-selected resources and receive guidance from everybody in the workspace

## What it looks like

- Throughout the week, you'll be working on your individual assignments, pushing code, and asking questions on slack if you get stuck

- Saturday: Pay tuition on venmo, zelle, etc..

- Saturday or Sunday: `#stand-ups`

- engage with others, share discoveries, and take advantage of other slack channels

  

## Slack Channels

- `#announcements` - introduce yourself, or announce something like getting a job or accomplishing a long term goal!

- `#code-review` - submit finished, polished code as if you are submitting a PR at your company. Once you become onboarded as a code-reviewer, you can review others as well for practice

- `#general` - open discussions about concepts or unfinished algos between everybody

- `mock-interview` - simulation of job interviews. if you have been onboarded as an interviewer, you can give interviews for others

- `#monthly-evaluation` - (required) a monthly, long term version of your weekly standup

- `#office-hours` - Info on observable zoom classes. Members are encouraged to sign up. Generally over the weekend in the am pacific, but is flexible for owners

- `#random` - fun stuff (cat pictures, code memes)

- `#show-and-tell` - share what you learned if you think it will be helpful or interesting to others! You can also post things like “I just debugged for 30 minutes and it was because I can’t spell const”

- `#stand-ups` - (required) weekly check-in on progress

- `#weekly-algos` - suggested additional assignments coming from me

You are required to do weekly and monthly stand-ups. Beyond that, it is recommended to take advantage of the other channels as often as possible, and to engage with others! Attending `#office-hours` will be especially helpful, as I often bring in guests who might be doing mock job interviews

Finally, this workspace should feel like a professional company slack. Try to figure it out on your own first, then reach out if you’re stuck, and obviously be respectful to each other!